yep 159
everybody got proper footwear up all
right take this rear end out today yeah
all right we'll bring you along there
you go great
got it it's all yours bud got it burnt
which far
so this is the nine-inch and Scott
traded something there the other day for
what the guy thought was a nine-inch but
it was an 8-inch so that's going back
and you found a third member for this
right yes so we found a third member
we're going to go pick that up not today
but maybe tomorrow and put that in so if
anybody has any great advice for fitting
up that third member if there's any
tricks or anything like that let us know
we're going to go get some gaskets and
seals and just kind of rebuild this from
top to bottom here today before that
third member gets here and then then
that'll be that oh yeah in primer hmm
back in black looking good mm-hmm mm-hmm
let's see what else did we get today we
got some seals yeah do some seals here
probably got some part numbers I can
give you guys you know yes dude at the
local auto parts store I need some seals
for a Ford nine-inch and then they start
asking you all these questions nobody
knows what these come out of you know
because they just change cars but we
were able to find some numbers and get
the seals here I think this is for the
straight bearing style not the tapered
bearing style there's a big and a little
and he gave us the little and the little
didn't fit so this is the big one but
the Ford part says MLP on it oh thank
you guys concur the faux moko part says
MLP which who knows what that means but
we'll get you a part number from the old
car quest all untaped looking good we
did not paint the mating surface there
still smells like evil death inside some
of it but it's going to work much much
better guaranteed
ready yep you opti flicker that's right
yep t yeah we took off some paint yeah
so frickin uh yeah that one's totally
Chooch there we got it out with the
antler this one's even more Chooch new
ones get ready to go in work in the
church they're getting there all cleaned
out ready for some new Lube and ready
for some new seals oh yeah this doesn't
look exactly like mine but it looks
simpler let's see here this is it
hopefully you guys can read that 51 oh
98 that is the seal there for the axle
and then we got a little lie I'm calling
it a pumpkin seal right there for the
back there there's a part number on that
one mmmmmm little Permatex for fun so
there we go we're going to put those
seals in right now home alright switch
places isn't exactly the garage game
gang sticker board here but some pretty
good pretty good stickers there I figure
a few guys in the gang will get a kick
out of those mm-hmm
a tin ain't gonna work try it again
this ain't sign language and do that
alright ready here we go ready 1 2 3